
Abstract.  There will be a number of supporting documents and prints that come
           with the game, mostly detailing Dr Sepulvedas failed life.



==========
PROTOLOGIC
==========

Dr Sepulveda is a pioneering British home computer developer in the 1980s.  He
starts up his own company and builds a highly successful games console called 
the Protologic 5000.  This console sells very well, especially in the UK, and
numerous classic games are written for it over a 5 year period.

During this time Dr Sepulveda is working on the next generation of home
computer - the Protologic 68000.  He makes numerous promises about this console
and the hype really starts to build up.

The Protologic 68000 is released in 1987.  It goes on to sell ten thousand
units in the first few days.  

Unfortunately there is a problem.  People begin to find that their home 
consoles just burn out without any explanation.  Some of the returned units are
examined, and it is discovered the power supply becomes heavily overloaded
and dies, taking the machine with it.  

This makes the units highly dangerous due to the risk of fire, so all units are
recalled to the manufacturing factory.  This is extremely embarassing for 
Protologic and causes massive financial problems, as all fifty thousand initial
units are recalled to the factory.  There is much press coverage about the high
profile failure of the console.

Protologic rush to design and manufacture a power supply with twice the 
capacity, but this does not solve the problem.  Protologic are forced to refund
the purchase price of all units to their retailers.  Facing mounting debts and
increased public ridicule, Dr Sepulvedas company Protologic Entertainment 
goes bankrupt.


===============
HYPERPROCESSING
===============

Dr Sepulveda himself goes into hiding as a recluse, with nobody really certain
what happened to him.  After spending many years rethinking his life, Sepulveda
eventually returns to the unsolved problem of what exactly went wrong with the
power supplies that caused such a massive failure.

After much experimentation (mostly on returned units, now stock-piled in a
large warehouse and scheduled for destruction), Sepulveda successfully designs
a power supply that can hold while the Protologic 68000 is running.  He 
discoveres that after a certain period of time, the 68000 will enter a state of
Hyperprocessing, where every component in the machine resonates on a quantum
level, producing massive amounts of processing power.

Sepulveda realises that some quirk of the 68000's construction has led him to
build the worlds first quantum computer, completely by accident.  It is little
wonder the meagre 50w power supplies burnt out with such regularity - they 
would play games normally, then eventually achieve hyperprocessing for around
10ms before completely burning out the power supply.

More experiments lead Sepulveda to discover that the 68000's are doing much
more than just running fast - they are operating in a completely different way
to conventional binary computer systems.  They have become much more than the
sum of their parts.

Dr Sepulveda uses the last of his earnings from the early days to buy back all
50,000 Protologic 68000 machines at a highly reduced price.  He even buys the
warehouse they are stored in.  He has an idea of how to turn these 
hyperprocessing systems into the worlds biggest and most advanced parallel
computer system in the world - and to use it to simulate the one thing that
conventional computers cannot - Life.


===================
DARWIN DIGITAL LIFE
===================

Dr Sepulveda fits the warehouse with a massive distributed power supply and
connecting network, and wires 10,000 Protologic 68000's into a huge grid.  Each
computer is attached to the building's power supply, and networked to the 
neighbouring Protologic systems.  He begins to bring the Protologic's online
a few at a time, waiting until each one is Hyperprocessing before continuing.
He begins to see that neighbouring 68000's are communicating and sharing 
processing resources with each other, forming a huge distributed grid of 
Quantum computing power.

Once the network is up and running he starts work building a huge virtual 
world.  He builds several islands and locations and uses the Hyperprocessing
computers to simulate individual inhabitants of this world.  He finds a way
to represent a single hyperprocessing computer within this world - as a Digital
Spirit - which can then be harnessed and shaped by reprogramming into a life
form.  He watches as these new life forms begin to grow and learn about the
world he has built for them.
